Add more WebUI config descriptions (#490)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/web.adoc

If you want to use your custom compiled web client assets instead of the embedded ones, then you can do that by setting the `WEB_ASSET_PATH` variable to point to your compiled files. See https://owncloud.dev/clients/web/getting-started/[ownCloud Web / Getting Started] and https://owncloud.dev/clients/web/backend-ocis/[ownCloud Web / Setup with oCIS] in the developer documentation for more details.

> == Customize the WebUI Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Customize the Web UI Configuration
```

> See the xref:deployment/webui/webui.adoc[WebUI] documentation for how to configure theming and customisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the xref:deployment/webui/webui.adoc[Web UI] documentation for how to configure theming and customization.
```
